[Music]
my god so I recently got back from
Cayman Island going to Spain the day
after tomorrow morning I'm just going
with my dad and I and I actually looking
forward to like we haven't spent much
time together and probably in that last
like three years like we stick out of it
over see when I was younger and
everything not that we use to go away
quite a bit he's got a villa in Spain so
we're just going there like obviously I
know that area really well and Mason and
I went last year I think that was the
last time we went and it's kind of like
if it's like a home away from home and
sent it's gonna be read up she gives me
Mason I'm gonna read apart for the first
time in maybe a year or something it's
gonna be weird actually but in a bomb
site in this room right now because I've
been like gathering all the holiday
stuff over the past week first things
first we're having an Indian takeaway
makes your camera actually and so last
night so isn't it so I thought chicken
tikka masala - were on our only child
it's available
empty my suitcase seen as though I've
just in a hole I'm how are we gonna
start with active while I'm gonna take
like mainly shorts which is perfect
because I just did the do you even hold
I'm going to Spain for and gets about 10
days so it's quite a while I'll be
driving as well that over there so I'm
probably gonna get to the gym I'm gonna
have to get our dad lot on the cameraman
GT in take my tripod with me it's gonna
be funny with it just being like my
birthday in graduation it's just only
Smoove so nice to spend some time with
my dad
good morning so it is sometimes actually
five quarter past five and me and my dad
are on our way I keep looking at I've
just got a new camera so bear with me
he's just locking house and everything
and then we're gonna set up set off to
Leeds Bradford air for Russia excited oh
my god that was absolutely Concord I
think I've mentioned on a different
video how much of a nervous my daddy's
in my car
[Music]
so it's so so funny Jack Tatum is so
swollen today the airport's so busy are
cities like and you've got the first day
of summer holidays and so you want to be
short fighters up to two hours 14 hours
[Music]
outside to look at that
and the dad's villa is on literally it's
on top of the mountain it this Fiat 500
is an idea like that you've got to go
first gear up this hill it is just like
that of a mountain good old and then
we're just round there somewhere what
should I name this car Delilah the
little Fiat change showered and now
we're gonna head to my favorite
breakfast what he's like 11 a.m.
somebody eating yet so we're gonna get
some breakfast down there it's all that
on the seats that she the best brought
in having it and then we're gonna head
to Al Gore waterfall it's called it and
trying it out in the sunshine I got such
bad light FOMO whilst on holiday like if
I'm ever inside getting ready I feel
like I'm rushing to be doing everything
[Music]
how to change is hot
I feel like crows are very much mystery
of gray hair lotion up their army that
was passed over tonight
we just come down to hell abandoned
I'm a banana
I mentioned - hate not being in control
and find if I'm still driving someone
else's so I don't
go back to school
we're never her depend to a great extent
that's a rationalization focus so I'm
just literally gonna take all my cap off
and go lay in the Sun and try tan some
more but since I read this time around
so yeah I'll be by the pool for most the
rest of the day that I've student I'm
worried but right now we are on the
electric bike I'm wearing a helmet
[Music]
they say for you I don't have a little
bit more just flash it city answered by
Peter and just put it here
[Applause]
[Music]